.TH cutelyst2 1 "2018-01-12" "cutelyst2 2.9.0"

.SH NAME
cutelyst2 - Developer Helper Application for the Cutelyst Web Framework

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cutelyst2
.RI [ OPTIONS ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B cutelyst2
is a command line utility to help developers creating new applications for the Cutelyst Web Framework. It can create a skeleton for a new application, controllers and start your application.

.SH OPTIONS
.SS "Generic Program Information"
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\^\-help
Output a usage message and exit
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\^\-version
Output the version number of
.B cutelyst2
and exit.
.SS "Creating skeletons"
.TP
.BI \-\^\-create-app " app_name"
Creates a new Cutelyst application with the given
.IR app_name .
.TP
.BI \-\^\-controller " controller_name"
Create a new Controller for your application with the given
.IR controller_name .
.SS "Development Server"
.TP
.B \-\^\-server
Starts a HTTP server.
.TP
.BI \-\^\-app-file " file_name"
Application file to use with the server (usually in build/src/lib*.so), if not set it will try to autodetect.
.TP
.BI "\-p\fR,\fP \-\^\-server-port" " port"
.I Port
used by the development server.
.TP
.BR \-r ", " \-\^\-restart
Restarts the development server when the application file changes.

.SH EXIT STATUS
Returns 0 on success and 1 on failure.

.SH BUGS
File bug reports to the
.UR https://github.com/cutelyst/cutelyst/issues
issue system of the GitHub project
.UE .

.SH EXAMPLE
.SS "Create application"
cutelyst2 \-\^\-create-app MyCutelystApp
.SS "Create controller"
cutelyst2 \-\^\-contoller MyNewController
.SS "Start server"
cutelyst2 \-\^\-server \-\^\-app-file build/src/libMyCutelystApp.so \-p 8080 \-r

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR cutelyst-wsgi2 (1)
